SMTChecker fix: Do not unroll loop after it completes (#14448)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Bugfixes:
 * NatSpec: Fix internal error when requesting userdoc or devdoc for a contract that emits an event defined in a foreign contract or interface.

>  * SMTChecker: Fix error that caused to unroll loop after it completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * SMTChecker: Fix encoding error that causes loops to unroll after completion.
```
